[OSDOCS-19679]: Tech Preview docs about etcd snapshot backup method for HCP (#111843)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-backup-etcd-snapshot-backup.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-backup-etcd-snapshot.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="hcp-backup-etcd-snapshot-backup_{context}"]
= Backing up etcd data by using the etcd snapshot method

[role="_abstract"]
You can start the etcd snapshot backup process from the {hcp} command-line interface (CLI).

> 

Reviewer: Do we need prereqs to configure the etcd snapshot method and/or _The HCPEtcdBackup feature gate is enabled in the HyperShift Operator._

Author: Good question. @jparrill For the etcd snapshot backup, do we need to add a prerequisite to enable a feature gate?

Reviewer 2: Yes, until this get GAd, yes

> Before you can use the etcd snapshot method to back up your etcd data for {hcp}, you must meet a few prerequisites and configure a plugin.

Reviewer 2: This abstract is the same as the one in the config module. I noticed the module only has the backup command with no `.Prerequisites` section — is this intentional? For example, are you planning to use composing blocks so that the prerequisites from the config module get pulled in at assembly level, or should this module have its own prerequisites (at minimum a cross-reference to "Configuring the etcd snapshot method" so readers who land here directly know what needs to be done first)?

Author: Good catch. The abstract for the config module is correct; it shouldn't be duplicated here. The intention is for users to complete the config module first and then complete the step in this module. I just pushed a commit to update the abstract for this one.

.Procedure

* Start the backup process by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ hypershift create oadp-backup \

Author: @jparrill Is there an equivalent `hcp` command to use? I know we don't typically use `hypershift` commands in the downstream docs.

> $ hypershift create oadp-backup \

Reviewer 2: The `hypershift` CLI was renamed to `hcp` several versions ago. All existing documentation in this repo already uses `hcp` (see `modules/hcp-cli-terminal.adoc` for example). This should be:
```
$ hcp create oadp-backup \
```
Same applies to the restore module and the OIDC verification command.

Author: Updated across the files in this PR. Thanks!

  --hc-name <my_hosted_cluster> \

>   --hc-namespace <my_hosted_cluster_namespace> \

Author: @jparrill I saw that `clusters` was used for the namespace in the upstream docs, but we've had a lot of customer confusion about that. I replaced `clusters` with `my_hosted_cluster_namespace`. Is that correct, or should it be `my_hosted_control_plane_namespace`?

  --name <my_backup> \
  --storage-location default \
  --use-etcd-snapshot
----
+

> The generated backup custom resource (CR) includes the namespaces of the hosted cluster and the hosted control plane, a platform-aware resource list that excludes etcd-related resources, and snapshot settings.

Reviewer: I tripped over this a bit: generated backup custom resource
Maybe?

```suggestion
Running this command generates an `oadp-backup` custom resource (CR) that includes the namespaces of the hosted cluster and the hosted control plane, a platform-aware resource list that excludes etcd-related resources, and snapshot settings.
```

Author: Good point. I changed it to "The command generates a backup custom resource (CR) that includes the namespaces of the hosted cluster and the hosted control plane, a platform-aware resource list that excludes etcd-related resources, and snapshot settings."

Reviewer 2: The custom resource it's called backup, and yep in the rest you're right

+

> Next, the {oadp-short} HyperShift plugin and the `HCPEtcdBackup` CR work to complete the backup process. 

Author: @jparrill Are there any verification steps that users need to run to ensure that the backup succeeded?
